Do a write up for the followings:?
 
1. Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2 
Binary protocols: Binary protocols consume less bandwidth, are more efficiently parsed and are less error-prone than 
the textual protocols used by HTTP/1.1. Additionally, they can better handle elements such as whitespace, capitalization 
and line endings.

Multiplexing: HTTP/1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all the other
resources behind it. In contrast, HTTP/2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so
that no one resource blocks any other resource. HTTP/2 does this by splitting data into binary-code messages and numbering 
these messages so that the client knows which stream each binary message belongs to.

Header compression: HTTP/2 uses header compression to reduce the overhead caused by TCP’s slow-start mechanism.

Server push: HTTP/2 servers push likely-to-be-used resources into a browser’s cache, even before they’re requested. 
This allows browsers to display content without additional request cycles.

Increased security: Web browsers only support HTTP/2 via encrypted connections, increasing user and application security.


2. http version history 
HTTP stands for Hypertext Transfer Protocol, and it is the basis for almost all web applications. More specifically, 
HTTP is the method computers and servers use to request and send information. For instance, when someone navigates to 
google.com on their laptop, their web browser sends an HTTP request to the google servers for the content that appears 
on the page. Then, google server send HTTP responses with the text, images, and formatting that the browser displays to 
the user.

The first usable version of HTTP was created in 1997. Because it went through several stages of development, this first 
version of HTTP was called HTTP/1.1. This version is still in use on the web. In 2015, a new version of HTTP called HTTP/2
was created.

HTTP/2 solves several problems that the creators of HTTP/1.1 did not anticipate. In particular, HTTP/2 is much faster and 
more efficient than HTTP/1.1. One of the ways in which HTTP/2 is faster is in how it prioritizes content during the loading
process.

3. List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) vs Nodejs 
                        Node	                                                  Browser
 1.Node doesn't have a predefined "window" object         1."window" is a predefined global object which has functions 
 cause it doesn't have a window to draw anything.	  and attributes, that have to deal with window that has been drawn.

 2.Node doesn't have "document" object, cause        	  2."document", which is also another predefined global variable 
 it never have to render anything in a page.              in browsers, has the html which is rendered.

 3.In Node everything is a module. You must keep 	  3.Moduling is not mandatory in client side JavaScript, 
 your code inside a module.				  i.e. in browsers.

 4.Node is headless.	 			  	  4.Browsers are not headless.

 5.Node processes request object.	 		  5.Browsers processes response objects.


4. what happens when you type a URL in the address bar in the browser?
#The browser looks up the IP address for the domain name via DNS.
#The browser sends a HTTP request to the server.
#The server sends back a HTTP response.
#The browser begins rendering the HTML.
#The browser sends requests for additional objects embedded in HTML like images, css, JavaScript.
#Once the page is loaded, the browser sends further async requests as needed.




